Add a section about the feed sync scripts to the FAQ (#347)
greenbone/docs: src/faq.md

* Nmap (NASL wrapper)
    1. **Log nmap output** configured to **yes**: Log additional output if nmap
      was used.

## I still fail to see/understand the concept of `greenbone-feed-sync --type` vs `greenbone-nvt-sync`/`greenbone-certdata-sync`/`greenbone-scapdata-sync` vs `gvm-feed-update`

**gvm-feed-update** is **NOT** maintained by Greenbone and is therefore not used

> anywhere in our docs or in provided code by Greenbone. It's maintained by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
anywhere in our docs or in provided code by Greenbone. It is maintained by the
```

> anywhere in our docs or in provided code by Greenbone. It's maintained by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
anywhere in our docs or in code provided by Greenbone. It's maintained by the
```

> anywhere in our docs or in code provided by Greenbone. It's maintained by the

Author: ```suggestion
anywhere in our docs or in code provided by Greenbone. It is maintained by the
```

Kali/Debian packagers and just calls the standard `greenbone-*-sync` scripts.

**greenbone-certdata-sync** is just the same as [`greenbone-feed-sync --type CERT`](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/blob/main/tools/greenbone-certdata-sync.in).

> It is/was only provided for backwards compatibility and doesn't get installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is/was only provided for backwards compatibility and does not get installed
```

> anymore (by default) since [`gvmd` 22.5.0](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/compare/v22.4.2...v22.5.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(by default) anymore since [`gvmd` 22.5.0](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/compare/v22.4.2...v22.5.0).
```

**greenbone-scapdata-sync** is just the same as [`greenbone-feed-sync --type SCAP`](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/blob/main/tools/greenbone-scapdata-sync.in).

>  It is/was only provided for backwards compatibility and doesn't get installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 It is/was only provided for backwards compatibility and does not get installed
```

>  anymore (by default) since [`gvmd` 22.5.0](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/compare/v22.4.2...v22.5.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 (by default) anymore since [`gvmd` 22.5.0](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/compare/v22.4.2...v22.5.0).
```

**greenbone-nvt-sync** is the *old* sync script written in bash to download the

> vulnerability tests data (nasl and notus files). It is deprecated since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vulnerability tests data (:file:`.nasl` and :file:`.notus` files). It is deprecated since
```

[`openvas-scanner` 22.6.0](https://github.com/greenbone/openvas-scanner/releases/tag/v22.6.0).

**/usr/sbin/greenbone-feed-sync** is the *old* sync script written in bash to

> download the CERT, SCAP and GVMD data. It doesn't get installed anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
download the CERT, SCAP and GVMD data. It does not get installed
```

> (by default) since [`gvmd` 22.5.0](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/compare/v22.4.2...v22.5.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(by default) anymore since [`gvmd` 22.5.0](https://github.com/greenbone/gvmd/compare/v22.4.2...v22.5.0).
```

There is a new **greenbone-feed-sync** script written in Python to replace all

> of the above scripts. See the announcement at [https://forum.greenbone.net/t/new-greenbone-feed-sync-script/13925](https://forum.greenbone.net/t/new-greenbone-feed-sync-script/13925).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the above scripts, see the announcement at [https://forum.greenbone.net/t/new-greenbone-feed-sync-script/13925](https://forum.greenbone.net/t/new-greenbone-feed-sync-script/13925).
```

> This script is used in the build from source guide already but hasn't been

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script is used in the build-from-source guide already but has not been
```

> picked up by the distributions yet. Hopefully it will arrive at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
picked up by the distributions yet. Hopefully, it will arrive at the
```

> distributions in the next months. It supports even the `gvm-feed-update` use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distributions in the next months. It even supports the `gvm-feed-update` use
```

> case because by default when not passing any arguments `--type all` is run which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
case because by default, if no arguments are passed, `--type all` is run which
```
